Fix compatibility with starlette 0.18.0 (#1594)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: minor

> This release adds support for Starlette 0.18 and 0.19

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for Starlette 0.18 to 0.20
```
